GRADUATION DAY
LONG RIM
x.yy.50zzu
https://i.imgur.com/VuaM8xy.png

The Trouble Shooters are meandering towards their target location of a large gas giant in the **Outer Rim** onboard their corvette-class ship. Their current contract is the delivery of a non-descript container - a task that to any of the members seems extremely rote, so none bat their eyes at the cargo.

The worn and dreary lounge area is where all the squad members are hanging out. **Nikolas** is sitting on a sofa, playing a very complicated looking game akin to chess by himself. **WARFACE** angrily tries to extort food out of the carcass of a beat-up microwave, looking to join the pile of similarly broken appliances. **Diego** continues their home-grown martial arts training off in a corner by striking a large dummy akin to a Wing Chun Dummy. **Cassandra** can be seen lounging on a recliner fiddling with their COMP/CON, the sounds of various games and notifications straining from it.

Suddenly, the entire hull of their ship vibrates, causing **Nikolas**' drink to spill all over themselves as they head to clean themselves off. Moments later, the sound of one of the airlocks can be heard forcibily opening. **Cassandra** rushes to the bridge of their ship to look at the camera feeds of the airlock. On the screen they see 4 people that can be identified as **IPS-N Trunk Security**. There is a 5th member alongside them, identifiably **Brigade-Legion** as they take off their helmet with one hand, revealing greasy hair that they begin to tie up into a messy bun. 

**WARFACE** preps themselves outside of the airlock with microwave in hand, ready to assault the group. **Diego** is close behind him, itching to surprise jump the unwanted guests as soon as the other side of the airlock opens. A loud thunk, then the airlock opens, with **WARFACE** launching the microwave into the crowd with **Diego** following the in-flight appliance. The greasy man sidesteps the microwave as it knocks out one of the IPS-N Trunk Security guards. Following that is **Diego**'s flying knee, aimed squarely at the solar plexus of the man who removed their helmet. 

Their antics are swiftly met with the man slinking easily out of the way, drawing their pistol, and suddenly the back of **Diego**'s skull explodes open, leaving him dead on the floor. **Nikolas** is uncerimoniously taken out as they are still in the restroom. **WARFACE** continues to chuck appliances at them, but is eventually restrained. **Cassandra** witnesses the man without their helmet point their handgun at **WARFACE** and proceed to create shrapnel out of their skull. In a last-ditch attempt, **Cassandra** attempts to forcefully close the airlock with everyone still on the ship, and tell **Luka**, their NHP Companion, to implode the ship.

As this is happening, a shadow is cast over the blister-pod cockpit of the ship, and suddenly a cyan-white light engulfs the cockpit.

The Trouble Shooters never completed their contract, their names have been expunged from **MIRRORSMOKE MERCENARY**'s records, and another upstart detachment has been snuffed out before their prime.

